feat(floating-ui): add feature flag for dynamic floating-ui styles (#17446)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/react/src/components/Popover/DynamicStyles.featureflag.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

<Meta isTemplate />

# Dynamically set floating styles

> Carbon library currently utilitizes the `@floating-ui` library to handle the
> dynamic positioning of floating elements to their trigger / anchor element and
> collision detection. In the majority of cases, the dynamic positioning of
> elements with the `@floating-ui` 'fixed' strategy will prevent clipping.
> 
> The 'enable-v12-dynamic-floating-styles' flag can be used if the dynamic styles
> is needed but the collision detection is not desired.
> 
> **Note**: If the `autoAlign` prop is used, the feature flag won't be necessary
> as the collision detection includes the dynamic styles logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components with `autoAlign` use the
[`floating-ui`](https://github.com/floating-ui/floating-ui) library to handle
the dynamic positioning of floating elements relative to their trigger / anchor
element. This also includes collision detection that repositions the floating
element as necessary to keep it visible within the viewport. In the majority of
cases, the styling from the `floating-ui` 'fixed' positioning strategy prevents
the floating element from being
[clipped](https://floating-ui.com/docs/misc#clipping) by an ancestor element.

The `enable-v12-dynamic-floating-styles` flag enables this dynamic styling
without the collision detection.

**Note**: The flag has no effect when used with `autoAlign` because `autoAlign`
includes both the dynamic positioning styles and collision detection.
```
